communication seeds Volyn charge
fans are optimistic still autograph
and a snapshot with a youth winner
World Cup is already a rarity
torpedo inspires his loyal fans
confidence in wanting to improve
their positions Siberia just in the bottom
Novgorod there will be no owners started
actively forced the Siberians to break
rules and implemented the very first
most finishing moves from dmitry
Makarov desire to win the torpedo
just got sharper
and faith in the victory of fans only
strengthened 30 first break at 16
minute younder anderson got through the drink
beating the whole rival team threw
Terber finished in less than a minute
transfer of inversion from Peter happy
found Alexey Ugarova two defenders
Siberia did not interfere
the guests had a chance to soak through
the second period is also called 45
second advantage in two players but
torpedovtsy survived and in the final
twenty minutes controlled the situation
we have an abundance of lucky shot
reduced advised
well played teams selflessly with
Vitalik well done and how to explain this
first period
mind and everywhere they say it's all venus us
asked that is everyone loves themselves understands
buy season and regularity in the championship
the season ends Masha days
It turned out that everyone wants with their
to fans
with their relatives
no thanks especially to those who come
and support us wanted for them and and
by yourself mysterious for a reason
its other power literalness completely in
the hosts have already gotten the ending
two players advantage and abandoned
fourth puck tongsberg on lip shapes
Siberian goalkeeper jerk vymetil eyes
annoyance on a flash drive and guest mentor
after such a defeat with difficulty picked up
post-match briefing
you know and you know what comes to muscle
You know, I can't say we have
torpedo beat it is not a question but i don't
I think it's called spore boulders cool
so grams frankly we are very weak
played you know vodka is not that weak
and our system is very weak which
was our defense zone all where the groove and all
washers washers all guys got it very
we are probably a great lesson lesson probably
big us a very big lesson for us
but it is a pity that
We already know how life should
little to disturb his game only
our task I say again
so much to the fans
play guys play on someone
try to show how to justify yourself
mood was mean yes moment
used means but from here therefore
went such a game 40 we note that for
vitalia koval is 4 dry match of the season
vladimir shirokov torpedo then you